h1. RGBLEDMaruqee

_A full color RGB marquee that can be updated in real time_

h2. About

Maruees have scrolling text.  Think of a stock ticker.

This ticker has wavy rainbow colors, antialiasing, and the message is generated in real time.
You can update the message by sending them to the arduino through serial.  Don't forget the newline character!
Messages can be up to one tweet long (140 characters).

This ticker was built as part of the Arduino Programming 101 course.  This is an advanced example of what you can do by combining things from previous lessons.

h2. Get it

"The LEDs":https://www.marginallyclever.com/shop/el-wire-leds/led-strip-64pc-12mm-ws2811

Please visit "Our homepage":http://www.marginallyclever.com/ for an explanation of how it works.

h2. Get help

Please visit "the forums":https://marginallyclever.com/forum 

h2. Special thanks

Hey, thanks for taking the time to read this.  You're thorough.  I like that!

Thank you to Adafruit Industries for their Neopixel LED library.

h2. Notes

More details are in the code itself.

h2. Legal


This file is part of RGBLEDMaruqee.

RGBLEDMaruqee is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

RGBLEDMaruqee is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with Arduino Timer Interrupt. If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/


h2. See Also

* "The LEDs":https://www.marginallyclever.com/shop/el-wire-leds/led-strip-64pc-12mm-ws2811
* "Our homepage":https://www.marginallyclever.com/ 
* "The wiki":https://learn.marginallyclever.com/
* "The forums":https://marginallyclever.com/forum/